Fix macro generate REST path capture for composite map key (#3010)
Sovereign-Labs/sovereign-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

  * **Breaking Change** `sov_stf_runner::rpc_module_to_router` now takes an `RpcAggregationConfig` parameter and additionally returns the `Arc<RpcStatsAggregator>`; callers must drive `RpcStatsAggregator::run_flush_loop` (the SDK's `start_http_server` does this and registers the task) for aggregated metrics to be emitted.
  * **Breaking Change** `StateTransitionRunner::start_http_server` gains an `rpc_aggregation: RpcAggregationConfig` parameter, available from `rollup_config.monitoring.rpc_aggregation`.
- #2973 Preferred sequencer: increases the default `leader_timeout_millis` (leader-election) from 500ms to 1000ms. A leader is now considered inactive only after 1s without a heartbeat, reducing spurious failovers at the cost of slightly slower dead-leader detection. Configurable via `[sequencer.preferred.postgres_config.leader_election]`; existing configs that set the value explicitly are unaffected.
# 2026-06-23

> - #PR_NUMBER REST API: Fix single-item lookups (`GET .../state/{map}/items/{key}`) for StateMaps with composite (multi-field struct) keys, which previously failed with HTTP 400 `missing field ...`. The handler now parses the key path segment via the key's `FromStr`/`Display` string form instead of serde deserialization. Simple keys are unaffected.

Author: ```suggestion
- #3010 REST API: Fix single-item lookups (`GET .../state/{map}/items/{key}`) for `StateMaps` with composite (multi-field struct) keys, which previously failed with HTTP 400 `missing field ...`. The handler now parses the key path segment via the key's `FromStr`/`Display` string form instead of serde deserialization. Simple keys are unaffected.
```
